[stable/datadog] v2.0.0 major release (#18182)
helm/charts: stable/datadog/templates/NOTES.txt

{{- end }}

{{- if .Values.datadog.apm.enabled }}

> The Datadog Agent is listening on port 8126.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent is listening on port {{ .Values.datadog.apm.port }}.
```
